BOM.md, before:

# Bill of Materials

## Vices & Workholding Components

### Jaw Faces
- Quantity: 3 pieces
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm (per jaw face, up to three)
- Fasteners:
  - 8x M5x12 (For attaching the jaw faces to the vice jaw tops)
- Location: [Jaw Face](Vices/jaw-faces/Jaw%20Face.step)

### Soft Jaws
- Quantity: 1 set
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm (Per Soft Jaw)
- Fasteners:
  - 2x M10x30 (For attaching the soft jaws to the vice jaw tops)
- Location: [Soft Jaws](Vices/Soft-Jaws/Soft%20Jaws.step)

### Vice Angle Plates
- Quantity: 1 piece
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm
- Fasteners:
  - 4x M5x12 (For attaching the vice angle plate to the vice jaw tops)
  - 2x M3 Shoulder Bolt (4mm shoulder) for attaching the angle bars to the angle plate
  - 2x 2mm pin (For setting the angle of the angle bars)
- Location: 
  - [Inception Vice Angle Plate](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v6.step)
  - [SMW Vice Angle Plate](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v5.step)

### Vice Collection
- Quantity: 1 set (2 vice bases, 2 vice jaw tops)
- Stock Material: 
  - 25x50x100mm (For the vice bases and jaw tops)
  - 25x50x150mm for larger components (Large Sliding Base and Large rigid base)
- Fasteners:
  - 4x M10x30 (For attaching the vice jaw tops to the base)
  - 8x M5x12 (For attaching the jaw faces to the vice jaw tops)
- Note: Complete collection of vice bases and vice faces
- Location: [Vice Collection](Vices/Vice%20Collection.step)

### T-Nuts
- Quantity: As needed
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm (can fit 4 T-nuts, two large and two small)
- Fasteners:
  - 16x M5x8 (For attaching the T-nuts, and also for fixturing the workpiece, if desired)
- Note: Includes supplemental workholding fixture in STEP file
- Location: [Z-Y Rail Nut](T-nuts/Z-Y%20Rail%20Nut%20v7.step)

## Reference
Material requirements sourced from README.md:

Commit message:

Updating BOM and README for Tramming tool

BOM.md, after:

# Bill of Materials

## Vices & Workholding Components

### Jaw Faces
- Quantity: 3 pieces
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm (per jaw face, up to three)
- Fasteners:
  - 8x M5x12 (For attaching the jaw faces to the vice jaw tops)
- Location: [Jaw Face](Vices/jaw-faces/Jaw%20Face.step)

### Soft Jaws
- Quantity: 1 set
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm (Per Soft Jaw)
- Fasteners:
  - 2x M10x30 (For attaching the soft jaws to the vice jaw tops)
- Location: [Soft Jaws](Vices/Soft-Jaws/Soft%20Jaws.step)

### Vice Angle Plates
- Quantity: 1 piece
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm
- Fasteners:
  - 4x M5x12 (For attaching the vice angle plate to the vice jaw tops)
  - 2x M3 Shoulder Bolt (4mm shoulder) for attaching the angle bars to the angle plate
  - 2x 2mm pin (For setting the angle of the angle bars)
- Location: 
  - [Inception Vice Angle Plate](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v6.step)
  - [SMW Vice Angle Plate](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v5.step)

### Vice Collection
- Quantity: 1 set (2 vice bases, 2 vice jaw tops)
- Stock Material: 
  - 25x50x100mm (For the vice bases and jaw tops)
  - 25x50x150mm for larger components (Large Sliding Base and Large rigid base)
- Fasteners:
  - 4x M10x30 (For attaching the vice jaw tops to the base)
  - 8x M5x12 (For attaching the jaw faces to the vice jaw tops)
- Note: Complete collection of vice bases and vice faces
- Location: [Vice Collection](Vices/Vice%20Collection.step)

### T-Nuts
- Quantity: As needed
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm (can fit 4 T-nuts, two large and two small)
- Fasteners:
  - 16x M5x8 (For attaching the T-nuts, and also for fixturing the workpiece, if desired)
- Note: Includes supplemental workholding fixture in STEP file
- Location: [Z-Y Rail Nut](T-nuts/Z-Y%20Rail%20Nut%20v7.step)

### Tramming Tool
- Quantity: 1 piece
- Stock Material: 25x50x100mm (for the main body)
- Fasteners:
  - 2x M5x8mm Ball point grub screw (For securing one or more Dial Indicators)
  - 1x 5mm rod (threaded as one end ~6mm) (For the securing the Tramming Tool to the spindle collet)
  - 1x 5mm collet (For holding the 5mm rod in place in the spindle, you might be able to get away with a 6mm collet)
- Location: [Tramming Tool](Tramming/Tramming%20Tool.step)



## Reference
Material requirements sourced from README.md:
