README.md, before:

# Milo Parts Collection

This repository contains various Milo parts and and tooling in STEP file format.

## Vices, Components & Workholding

- [Z-Y Rail Nut v7](T-nuts/Z-Y%20Rail%20Nut%20v7.step) - Rail nut component for Z and Y axis mounting
- [Vice Angle Plate v6](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v6.step) - Angle plate for Inception Vice
- [Vice Angle Plate v5](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v5.step) - Angle plate for SMW Vice (use with soft jaws)
- [Soft Jaws](Vices/Soft-Jaws/Soft%20Jaws.step) - Protective soft jaws for workholding
- [Jaw Face](Vices/jaw-faces/Jaw%20Face.step) - Replacement face plates for machine vise jaws

### Material Requirements
See [Bill of Materials](BOM.md) for detailed material requirements and quantities.

## Tooling & Cutting Tools

- [Tooling](tools/.tools) - Tooling Library Based off the tools from the LDO kit as well as some additional tools.


## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues or pull requests if you have improvements or modifications to any of the parts.

Commit message:

Adding in Vice collection with license, updating the BOM and README (#4)

README.md, after:

# Milo Parts Collection

This repository contains various Milo parts and and tooling in STEP file format.

## Vices, Components & Workholding

- [Z-Y Rail Nut v7](T-nuts/Z-Y%20Rail%20Nut%20v7.step) - Rail nut component for Z and Y axis mounting
- [Vice Angle Plate v6](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v6.step) - Angle plate for Inception Vice
- [Vice Angle Plate v5](Vices/Angle%20Vice%20Plate/Vice%20Angle%20Plate%20v5.step) - Angle plate for SMW Vice (use with soft jaws)
- [Soft Jaws](Vices/Soft-Jaws/Soft%20Jaws.step) - Protective soft jaws for workholding
- [Jaw Face](Vices/jaw-faces/Jaw%20Face.step) - Replacement face plates for machine vise jaws
- [Vice Collection](Vices/Vice%20Collection.step) - Complete collection of vice bases and vice faces
### Material Requirements

The jaw faces can be manufactured from 25x50x100mm stock material (sufficient for making 3 pieces).

The Soft jaws can be manufactured from 25x50x100mm stock material.

The Vice Collection can be manufactured from 25x50x100mm stock material for the smaller components and 50x150x25mm for the larger components.

The Angle Plates can be manufactured from 25x50x100mm stock material.

The T-Nuts can be manufactured from 25x50x100mm stock material (or smaller), there is a supplemental workholding fixture in the STEP file.

See [Bill of Materials](BOM.md) for detailed material requirements and quantities.


## Tooling & Cutting Tools

- [Tooling](tools/.tools) - Tooling Library Based off the tools from the LDO kit as well as some additional tools.


## Contributing

Feel free to submit issues or pull requests if you have improvements or modifications to any of the parts.
